So I saw this story.
How many people saw this story?
Did you see it?
Yeah.
So-- so congratulations on
your wedding, first of all.
Thank you.
So this was on the day.
Yeah.
And it was-- the wedding
had already taken place,
and you were out,
then, just taking--
It was shortly after.
We'd just got married, and we
were doing our wedding photos
in the park, and
different backdrops.
And there was these
three kids-- several--
or they were following
us for several minutes.
And just giggling
and laughing at us.
And we didn't think much of it.
Then they started walking
towards that pond, where
you see the picture.
And I just thought-- my
dad instincts kicked in.
I'll keep an eye on 'em,
see what they're doing.
Brittany was doing
some solo shots,
and I was just sort
of waiting for and.
And I looked over where the kids
were, and I only saw two kids.
I just thought, I better
go check, to be safe.
Because there were three.
There was three.
I could only see two.
Yeah, so I was like, oh,
I better just go see.
It's not a very deep pond in
some parts, but you never know.
And then I--
I walked over
about 30, 40 yards.
And when I looked over
the ledge, the boy, there,
he was just having a hard
time keeping his head up.
And I was able to
jump down the ledge.
And at first I
couldn't reach him.
Then I made eye contact with
him, and I said, grab my hand.
And he got close enough to me
and I grabbed him by his wrist,
and I just scooped him up and
put him back up on the ledge.
So yeah, it was--
Well, he must have
been so scared.
I mean, he's tiny.
Yeah, he's not a very big guy.
Yeah.
So I was able to lift
him up pretty quick.
And then he just
leaves you there.
Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
Just walks away.
Yeah.
[INAUDIBLE]
Kids these days.
That's my point.
That's what I'm--
[LAUGHTER]
So yeah.
So then you go back to
just taking pictures?
So I was taking
pictures by a tree,
and my photographer
was, like, look there.
Look there.
And I look over,
and Clay's there.
And I'm like--
I shouted out.
And I was like--
I don't even know what I said.
I must have said, like, Clay!
And then-- and then, yeah.
So I just saw him
pull out that boy.
And when I yelled
out, the photographer
turned around and
got the picture.
That's a great photographer
that you had, to capture that.
Yeah.
So the funny thing
is, when we went
to go look for a
photographer for the wedding,
my only quality I
wanted in a photographer
was someone who could
capture candid pictures.
Yeah, you got one.
He got a candid picture.
Not the one I was looking for.
That's amazing.
So, and now people are
calling you a hero.
Do you feel like you're a hero?
Is that--
No, I just see it as kind of--
I was at the right place, at the
right time, and the right thing
to do.
You know, it's something I
think anybody would have done.
Anybody would have
done it, yeah.
Yeah.
That's the way I look at it.
Well, I hope that anybody
would have done it.
But it's a great--
especially someone
on their wedding day,
taking pictures, you know,
going, wait a minute,
I'm dressed up.
But you--
That didn't even cross his mind.
So you had a theme of your--
what was your wedding theme?
Oh, yeah.
It was Harry Potter.
Harry Potter.
Yeah, we're-- we're
big Harry Potter fans.
Yeah.
So we had the
Honeydukes candy bar.
We had our drinks named
after Harry Potter things.
Bouquets.
My bouquet was made out of
pages of the Harry Potter books.
Well, guess what we're
going to do right now?
Like, right now.
Right now.
Right now, I'm sending you both
to the Wizarding World of Harry
Potter at Universal Studios.
And Front Line passes--
you don't have to wait.
All right?
So first of all, you're
going to do that.
And then, one more thing.
There you go.
Cheerios was so
inspired by your story,
they want to send
you on a honeymoon
to London to experience the
Making of Harry Potter Warner
Brothers Studio Tour.
So you're going to London.
You can participate in
One Million Acts of Good.
Go to our website.
Tell us your story.